Fix inaccurate description in the osu!mania Ranking Criteria (#2293)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Ranking_Criteria/osu!mania/en.md

- **Column**: Vertical lines on the playfield where notes are placed. The editor uses `0|1|2|3|4|5|6|7|8|9` for timestamp labels. 
- **Key mode**: The number of columns present in a difficulty.
- **Key sounding**: Hit sounding using samples extremely similar or directly from the song in their respective places. This method of hit sounding usually provides low feedback to the player.

> - **Slider velocity**: The speed at which the notes/bar lines move on the playfield. Base slider velocity is based on user settings and additional changes can be made through inherited (green) timing points.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Slider velocity**: The speed at which the notes/bar lines move on the playfield. Base slider velocity (1.0x) is based on the user's set scroll speeds and additional changes can be made through inherited (green) timing points.
```

> - **Slider velocity**: The speed at which the notes/bar lines move on the playfield. Base slider velocity is based on user settings and additional changes can be made through inherited (green) timing points.

Author: ```suggestion
- **Slider velocity**: The speed at which the notes/bar lines move on the playfield. Base slider velocity (1.0x) is based on the user's set scroll speeds and additional changes can be made through inherited (green) timing points.
```
